All right.
So the next thing I'd like to do is to start styling our form element in our job search form component.
So right here we can add a bunch of tailwind classes and this form element will serve as a container
for a bunch of input elements that ask the user for their role and their location.
So let's begin by making this form a flex box with the flex clasp.
I'm also going to vertically align my flex children using the items center class.
I want to make this form occupy 100% of the width of its parent, so I'll apply the W full or width
for class to assign a width of 100%.
I also do want to assign this form a manual height.
I can do that with my H classes or my high classes.
So here I'll do h 12 for a height of 48 pixels.
Then I'd like to create some space between the form and the component or the element above, which is
my headline component.
So right here I'll add my empty or a margin top class to add margin, but only on the top.
And I'll go with empty 14, which has 56 pixels of margin on the top of this form.
The next thing I'd like to add is a border.
So we're going to add the border class to give the form element, a one pixel border around all sides.
And I do want to ensure it is a solid border, and I can do that with my border, solid class.
So we have a one pixel solid border.
The last thing I'd like to specify is the color of that border.
And we're actually going to use one of our new tailwind colors, which is brand GRE three.
So we have a whole bunch of tailwind classes that start with border, including the newly generated
border brand Gray three.
That's going to apply that gray color to our border.
And finally, the last thing I'd like to do is to apply a rounded edge or a rounded container to the
entire form.
I don't want it to be a rectangular box.
I want it to be a rounded box so I can add the rounded three Excel class here to apply a border radius
of 24 pixels.
And that's just going to curve the edges of my form.
And we no longer need this text right here, so we can get rid of that and let's save that and see what
that looks like in the browser.
All right.
So there we go.
We have this form element right here, nice and rounded, and this is where we're going to allocate
our input fields in the very next lesson.
The one last thing I'd like to do now is to add a search icon right here.
This is actually going to be another font awesome icon use.
It's the exact same icon we have in our sub nav.
It's actually going to be the search icon that we have right here.
I just want to populate it in here.
So let's head back to our Visual Studio code text editor.
And as a reminder, our font awesome icon components are registered as global components.
So we do not need to import them and register them locally.
We can just use them directly line in any template, in any view component.
So right here I'm going to use my font, awesome icon of global component.
I'm going to give it a self-closing tag or slash.
And then as a reminder, the way that we customize the actual icon that font awesome renders is by using
the icon prop.
So here I'm going to use icon.
And since my argument to the icon prop is going to be an array which is a complex value, I need to
use the v bind syntax, the colon right here in order to bind it so that Vue understands that I'm not
providing a string, but rather a string that represents an array.
So right here I am going to pass double quotes, but in that string I'm going to provide square brackets
to indicate that I'm working with a array.
This array is going to take two string arguments, and because we are in another string with double
quotes, we need to provide our internal strings in single quotes.
So the first argument here is going to be face that is just the parent level category of font.
Awesome.
And then the second string argument is going to be the actual icon we want to use and we're going to
use this search icon here.
This is the exact same syntax we utilized in our subnet.
And if you ever forget the icon that you'd like to use, you can look for it on the font.
Awesome website.
Okay.
So that is for rendering our font awesome icon.
But I do want to add two additional tailwind classes.
So I'm going to add a class right here.
As a reminder, this syntax can be a little bit confusing because we are adding classes to a component,
not to a native HTML element.
But this is totally permitted because what Vue is going to do under the under the hood is it's going
to take these classes, it's going to go into the font, awesome icon implementation, find the top
level root element.
So in other words, find the element that is at the very top of the template for that component and
then add those classes to that HTML native element.
So for example, I'm going to add two classes here for margin view is going to go inside this implementation
and add those two classes for margin to the top level element in this component, whatever that element
happens to be, we don't know and frankly, we don't care for the purposes of what we want to do here.
So the first class is margin on the left hand side, which is accomplished via the small classes margin
left.
I'm going to add ammo for here for a left margin of 16 pixels.
And then on the right hand side, I want to create some space between this icon as well as the first
input field.
So I'm going to add margin right with M are a little bit less though.
It's going to be hour three, which is 12 pixels of margin on the right hand side.
Let's go ahead and save that and see how it looks in the browser.
And there we go.
We have our icon right here and a little bit of space in here, which we don't see yet.
And in the very next lesson, we can go ahead and start adding our input fields for role and location.